chore: using kubernetes-configuration crds (#1148)
Kong/kong-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  This may break usage of `AIGateway`s that is already using `Secret` in
  other namespaces as AI cloud provider credentials.
  [#1161](https://github.com/Kong/gateway-operator/pull/1161)
- Migrate KGO CRDs to the kubernetes-configuration repo.

>   With this migration process, we have removed the `api` and `pkg/clientset` from the KOG repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With this migration process, we have removed the `api` and `pkg/clientset` from the KGO repo.
```
Could we also add a link to the `kubernetes-configuration` repo, like 
```
Migrate KGO CRDs to the [kubernetes-configuration](kubernetes-configuration-repo) repo.
...
[kubernetes-configuration-repo]: https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-configuration
```

>   If other projects import them, it will be a breaking change,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It will break if other projects import the packages from this repo.
```

  This may break usage of `AIGateway`s that is already using `Secret` in
  other namespaces as AI cloud provider credentials.
  [#1161](https://github.com/Kong/gateway-operator/pull/1161)
- Migrate KGO CRDs to the kubernetes-configuration repo.
  With this migration process, we have removed the `api` and `pkg/clientset` from the KGO repo.
  It will break if other projects import the packages from this repo.
  plase import them from the [kong/kubernetes-configuration](kubernetes-configuraion) repo instead.

>   [#1148](https://github.com/Kong/gateway-operator/pull/1148)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This is a breaking change which requires manual action for projects that use operator's Go APIs.
  In order to migrate please use the import paths from the [kong/kubernetes-configuration](kubernetes-configuraion) repo instead.
  
  For example:
  `github.com/kong/gateway-operator/api/v1beta1` becomes 
  `github.com/kong/kubernetes-configuration/api/gateway-operator/v1beta1`.
  [#1148](https://github.com/Kong/gateway-operator/pull/1148)
```

  do not get an owner relationship set to the `ControlPlane` anymore hence
  they are not deleted when the `ControlPlane` is deleted.
  [#1099](https://github.com/Kong/gateway-operator/pull/1099)

> - Migrate KGO CRDs to the kubernetes-configuration repo.

Reviewer 2: This is a breaking change for users that rely on Go API.

We should document this more thoroughly, explaining how to migrate from "old" types (defined in this repo) to "new" ones (defined in kubernetes-configuration).

I think that adding a note with this in the changelog itself is a good approach but I can be persuaded otherwise.

Reviewer 3: Cloud Gateways may be relying on these APIs, right? We could also give them a Slack heads up just in case.

Author: Yes, I will do that after merging this PR.
